# Glossary

### APR

Annual Percentage Rate, is the annualized interest rate without taking the
effect of compounding into account.

### APY

Annual Percentage Yield, is the normalized representation of an interest rate,
based on a compounding period over one year. Note that APYs provided are rather
ballpark level indicators and not so much precise future results.

### BCV

Bond Control Variable, is the scaling factor at which bond prices change. A
higher BCV means a lower discount for bonders and higher inflation by the
protocol. A lower BCV means a higher discount for bonders and lower inflation by
the protocol.

### DAO

Decentralized Autonomous Organization, is a governance mechanism for making
decisions in a more trustless and collaborative way. Voting rights are often
bound to a governance token. In OlympusDAO the governance token is OHM.

### DCV

Deflation Control Variable, is the scaling factor at which protocol defined buy
pressure changes. A higher DCV means more buy pressure and higher deflation. A
lower DCV means less buy pressure and lower deflation.

### EVM

Ethereum Virtual Machine, is a state machine in which all Ethereum accounts and
smart contracts live. At any given block in the chain, Ethereum has one and only
one canonical state, and the EVM is what defines the rules for computing a new
valid state from block to block.

### ICV

Inflation Control Variable, is the scaling factor at which protocol defined sell
pressure changes. A higher ICV means more sell pressure and higher inflation. A
lower ICV means less sell pressure and lower inflation.

### PCV

Protocol Controlled Value, is the amount of funds the treasury owns and
controls. The more PCV the better for the protocol and its users.

### POL

Protocol Owned Liquidity, is the amount of LP the treasury owns and
controls. The more POL the better for the protocol and its users.

### RFV

Risk Free Value, is the amount of funds the treasury guarantees to use for
backing OHM.

### SLP

Sushiswap Liquidity Provider, is the token received when providing liquidity on
Sushiswap. For instance LP bonds require SLP tokens of the OHM / DAI pair.

### TVL

Total Value Locked, is the amount of OHM staked. This metric is often used as
growth or health indicator in DeFi projects.

### TWAP

Time Weighted Average Price, is the average price of an asset over a specified
time. TWAPs are used to represent the fair value of an asset as defined by the
market.
